## Ed
Ed is a builtin text editor often found on [Posix]() based systems. I learned about [sed]() while working for [Fiserv]() a fiscal data holdings company. I cant remember how i built out my then famous scheduling kiosk but i feel like i was a [gui]() based option like [gedit]() thats bundled with [gnome](). But then again i was a [KDE]() user and i use a lot of tutorials. But from what i recall of my fiserv interview; Todd Goldsmith asked me how to edit a file in vi, i recall sayinng "i dont know".. and aftee [getting hired]() learning the technology.
`lastorfirst?.`<=is a [ed]() append(ation) 

### Back to ed
Since the girls went missing i have no income bc i was doing all the admin work for me and coral for all three relationships erika(biomommy), Muna, Sartu(normani) and when they migrated to playboy via trunk at least the last two, the ones that loved me... I lost all access to services and while the library is open i have reputation issue which make the staff slow to help me, so i just use guest passes and print. 
ú
One day, doing some research for [work](0), i stumbled onto an old [ATT document](atthistory) "[The UNiX Programming Environment]()". Since I have no income i eat breakfast at St Francis and 5 days a week they let you eat inside, so its a nice short break after sleeping outdoors. Its a recovery center as well monitored by [UCLA](BIRTHPLACE OF THE INTERNET). Oneday dueing breakfast, i pull reading material out of my [3ring]() binder an felt inspired to work on my[unixing](0) and started readinbthe preface. It was an amazing feeling because finding pure [Posix]()guidance is challenging but worth the quest! If im stuck on linux like i am now [UsingAndroid]() i can direct my energy places that make me better prepared to solve some complex puzzle that can randomly arise being a[Nasa-JPL Employee]() . E-ntering the rhythm of yhe text my heart filled with mystery an joy about the infrastructure i work with my team to care for here in north america and out interstellar flyingtoasters. more that soft mushiness later! 

### Discovering Ed
After becoming overwhelemed with joy that i was getting [UnixLessons]() from [TheEra](0) i settled into a short introduction to [creating files](). [Ed]() was introduced with an innocence that it was enough to accomplish anyjob. so ibput on my [Att Hardhat Heart]() and dug in. The tutorial is so straight forward find it [here](aswell). if u knkw the basic utils like ls, u can blog at microblogging intensity on github. Using github ... man i got tricked. Jeff worked for JPL so my time being homeless an mistreated by family services seems like a bosshogjoke to babysit dance411 while the porno scourge subsides an prostitution mellow out
